Love and to avoid attachment. The Buddhist teaching encourages us to practice love and to avoid
attachment.
In the case of non-unveying lay practitioners, how do we practice love without attachment in close
relationships?
For example, how does a Buddhist husband love his wife without attachment?
Or, how does a Buddhist mother or father love their children without attachment?
That's a really very good answer. I'm a good question. However, because there is love and
compassion,
the ultimate love and compassion taking care of others comes without attachment.
Attachment is designated. Designated attachments are partialities, even though for the time being
it is good,
maybe it is important, but attachment is limited. Limited, targeted things, attachment.
Therefore, it is a grasp. When you don't have attachment, that doesn't change your love to your
wife or your husband.
Actually, it becomes so divine, so beautiful, so natural. It's not become the emotion.
It's not become the roller-coaster up and down. It's continued as sunshine states.
So soothing, so calming, yet that is to everyone. So therefore, attachment is grasping, is
narrowing, is limited, is partialities.
And free from attachment, as is it. It's total open, total free. You care your, as is sober.
As a Buddha cares, his son Raghula, he didn't say anything like that, but as well as his love to
everyone.
So therefore, loving kindness in confusion without attachment is more profound, more natural, more
open.
And there is no involvement of the anger and the jealous, heavy thought, this and that.
All that comes with attachment, unless we want to kind of crush it and break it by the anger,
headed, jealous.
Then attachment is okay. Thank you.